SortButton: ability to pass custom props for <Sort> component (#149)
moovweb/react-storefront: README.md

## Changelog

> ### 6.20.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6.21.0
```

> - Added property `sortProps` passing to the underlying `Sort` components of `SortButton`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Adds `sortProps` to `SortButton`, which allows your to pass props to the underlying `Sort` component.
```
